Document `jwt_claims` app rewrite option (#30256)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access/guides/connecting-apps.mdx

a JWT token signed by Teleport that contains user identity information. See
[Integrating with JWTs](../jwt/introduction.mdx) for more details.

> The JWT token can be optionally configured to exclude traits/roles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally configure the JWT token to exclude Teleport traits and/or roles:
```
Removing passive voice and specifying that these are Teleport traits/roles.

Reviewer: Also, when would you want to exclude traits/roles?

> The JWT token can be optionally configured to exclude traits/roles:

Reviewer 2: Can this be put in a separate guide section e.g. `## Configuring JWT token` or something like this. This way it will be easy to link to if someone's running into the large header issue.

```yaml
- name: "dashboard"
  uri: https://localhost:4321
  public_addr: dashboard.example.com
  rewrite:

>     # Specify whether to include roles or traits

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Specify whether to include roles or traits in the JWT
```

    # Options:

>     # - roles-and-traits: include both roles and traits

Reviewer 2: Mention here that roles-and-traits is the default option.

a JWT token signed by Teleport that contains user identity information. See
[Integrating with JWTs](../jwt/introduction.mdx) for more details.

### Configuring the JWT token

You can optionally configure the JWT token to exclude Teleport traits

> and/or roles. This may be useful if is issue connecting to an app due

Reviewer 3: "if is issue" doesn't sound right.

How about this:

```
By default, Teleport includes a user's roles and traits in the JWT
generated for application access. If your application doesn't care
about these values, or you are encountering an error due to exceeding
the size limit of HTTP headers, you can configure Teleport to omit this
information from the token.
```
